bumpy road well crickets trip anyway
excuse me yeah I probably get off the
ground she think that fan is balanced or
what why didn't you fire it up and it
sounds smooth or what let's see oh boy
he's going for it oh my god
a little screamer
those heavy
then you put it all the way to the back
little screamer yeah trying to keep it
close a thing like that that there's way
too far that's a throttle
I think it's lie is pretty stable yeah
the first plane up falling down a three
act is your first as3 export well
welcome to the club
he's gone inverted
oh you ain't no thing eh this holds it
okay try to do some close-up slow fly
bison yeah just is he getting close to
in your battery oh you're with the
window
which really moves
yeah it's it's been a solid three a half
minutes
alright first made it landing little
bouncy almost had I flirted up too much
at the end there but you know what she
comes in dead skate so as you can see we
got there for better let's fresh out of
the box I had that pushed all the way
back you figured a half inch there to
push back yeah yeah I know but I don't
want it was a with the wires out spread
the better in the bank huh well you got
all this space here yeah yeah she's
tighten it up yeah but it actually feels
pretty good like that oh it's pretty
much well I could go back maybe another
quarter of an inch maybe for you know
they get you that nice plane going on
there but for the most part even without
throttle it was just well you weren't
going to drop the was but what's your
overall impression though hey for 125
bucks straight out of the box if you
like micro flying I highly recommend
getting one you being a fan of the big
half of their you'll hearing all of this
when you hear but it's just like yes 3 X
4 as far as flying my first plane with a
s3x I mean keep it a minus a PDF not a
sbach or something but man that's your
helps out takes the new plier makes them
a novice fisher yeah holds the angles
and holds the angles and whatever you
want to really waste barrel rolls and
stuff it does its own thing it doesn't
do the yoga ran so uh yeah two thumbs up
good job horizon